Overview of Cloud Service Models
- 3 Service Models
    - SaaS 
        . It is just software that doesn't need to be installed
          on our machine and doesn't have to be updated 
          manually. 
          Anyone can be a user of Software as a Service. 
    - PaaS 
        . Takes advantage from all the virtualization from IaaS
          and subtracts them away so that the user doesn't have
          to worry about managing those virtualized resources. 
    - IaaS
        . Set of computer networking and storage resources that
          have been virtualized by a vendor so that a user can
          access and configure them anyway they want. 

IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service)
  - Form of cloud computing that delivers fundamental Compute, 
    netwrok and storage resources to consumers on-demand, over 
    the internet on a pay as you go basis. 
  - The cloud provider hosts the data in a data center in an 
    on premises data cernter as well as the virtualization or 
    hypervisor layer. 
  - Key Components of IaaS are: 
    . Physical data centers
    . Compute
    . Network
    . Storage
  -Use Cases of IaaS
    . Test and Development
        Helping devs focus more on business logic than
        Infrastructure management. 
        Enable teams to set up test and development environments
        faster.  
    . Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
        This requires a significant amount of tech and staff
        investments. 
        IaaS is helping resolve this by allowing businesses to
        Make applications and data accessile as usual during a 
        disaster or outage. 
    . Faster Deployment and Scaling
        To deploy applications faster. 
        Scale infrastructure up and down as demand fluctuates.
    . High Performance Computing
        To solve complex problems involving millions of
        variables. 
    . Big Data Analysis
        Mining massive data sets to locate valuable patterns, 
        trends and associations requires a huge amount of
        processing power. 
        Cloud Computing provides the required high performance
        computing and also makes it economically viable. 
  - Concerns
    . Lack of Transperancy
    . Dependency on a Third Party       