Introduction 

 . By understanding how search engines worked in the past, we can develop a better understanding of why we have certain practices in place today
   and why some of the advancements to search engines have taken place
 . Why we have the practices that are in place today. And what we need to know for the future. 

Introduction to google SEO
 . Objectives
    - Describe SEO fundamentals
    - Explain SEO as industry and career

SEO stands for Search Engine Optimisation
    . The practice of improving a website's visibility in search.
    . SEO is a part of a larger digital marketing strategy and is a means of obtaining free organic traffic. 

Other marketing ways associated with SEO
    . Search Engine Marketing : Bididng for paid advertisement and search engines. 
    . Social Media Marketing: Free and Paid ads and engagement.
    . Content Marketing: Writing Content for blogs. newsletters etc. 
    . Public Relations: Acquiring relationships and focusing on promoting news worthy content.

White Hat SEO 
    . Follows searching and best practices laid out by google and other search engines.
    . Won't get penalised of banned  
Black Hat SEO
    . Goes beyond the grain and participate in what some might consider manipulative pracitces
    . Tend to get hit by penalties more frequently.
    . Known for more churn and burn approach to SEO
Grey Hat SEO
    . tend to be somewhere in the middle of white and black hat. 


With SEO, the best way to learn is from practice and continual testing.

Google has the largest market share of all search engines. 
The goal is to get our or our client's website to show as high as possible for relevant keywords within these organic results. 
It is important to know how clicks on a result and visits to a website are dramatically affected by the position of the result
It is also important that the site is healthy and well optimised to not lose position or traffic
The trick is to make sure you're optimising for the right keywords that are most likely to lead to an engaged visitor who converts. This will fall into keyword 
psychology and research
