Career Options and Growth as an SEO
. SEO is unique in that, it is a specialist role. But in order ro effectively practice SEO, One needs to wear multiple hats that allow them to both 
  develop holistic SEO strategies and communicate those strategies to clients, and or Internal Departments.
. SEO is a role that benefits in knowledge of complementary marketing disciplines, it also works well by complementing other roles.
. Other roles it complements include, content marketing, social media, CROS, or conversion rate optimization specialists, user experience specialists, PR, and more.
. With all of these career options, you may also be working alongside other SEO teams. 
. They can be brought in for a number of specific situations, so whether you're an in-house SEO, consultant, or agency side, 
  it's a good idea to understand the role of SEO in areas outside of your own.

Tips for Success 
. Relate your recommendations to the company objectives and goals
. Estimate the value individual effort can provide
. Back up your recommendations with data, past case studies or more 
. Prioritize effectively

Skills Needed
. Interpersonal skills 
. Project management and planning 
. Strategic thinking
. Agile and proactiveness
. Stay updated on industry trends and news
. Ability to analyze data.

Interview Tips
. Highlight past work.
. Showcase practical experience. 
. Reference specific and relevant examples.
. Listen to their issues. 
. Offer solutions based on past performance. 
. Ask questions like: 
    - What SEO challenges do you face? 
    - what future challenges do you forsee? 
    - Short and long term goals for seo 
    - How does SEO fir within the organization? 
    - what is the geenral knowledge for seo maturity of the company?
. Practice with a friend. Helps you practice thinking on your feet rather than trying to memorise a list of questions and answers. 

Readings: 
To learn more about why SEO might be great for you, please read the following links:

SEO a Core Skill for Marketers, According to Microsoft, Rebekah May

https://rebekahm.com/uncategorized/seo-a-core-skill-for-marketers-according-to-microsoft/

Some Good Reasons to Choose SEO as Your Career- Webconfs.com

http://www.webconfs.com/seo-career-article-23.php

A SEO of Opportunity - 7 Career Paths for Today's SEO Specialist

https://www.simplilearn.com/seo-specialist-career-paths-article

U.S. Digital Marketing Salary & Job Trends Guide, Conductor.com, 2021 

(​You will need to register with a work email to view the full data; therefore, this reading is optional.) 

https://www.conductor.com/learning-center/us-marketing-salary-guide-2021/
