American Airlines
- Challenges
    . Improve customer experience and digital channels
    . Improve response time to costumer needs
- Solutions
    . New Cloud based tech platform 
    . Upgrade approach to delivering digital self-service tools
    . Remove constraints of existing applications
- Results
    . Faster development and release of new apps
    . better operational reliability, productivity, and end 
      costumer response times. 
    . Avoiding existing upgrade costs via migration to the IBM
      cloud. 

UBank 
- Challenges 
    . Give more control to devs
    . Reduce the need for additional resources 
    . Faster speed to market
    . Remove barriers in development
- Solutions
    . Virtual assistant using IBM watson technology
    . Platform as a Service (PaaS) cloud development model
- Results
    . Faster time to market through the cloud platform 
    . Quicker, Easier and more cost effective innovation
    . More efficitent operations

Bitly
- Challenges
    . Cloud bases model with pay as you go pricing
    . Ability to scale up and down
    . Greater global presence
    . Geodistribute into more POPs
- Solutions
    . Establish scalable hosting platform 
    . Migrate to IBM cloud environment
- Results
    . 25 billion data infused links migrated from one
      hosting site to the could
    . 1 billion user data stored and managed in a flexible,
      cost effective cloud service
    . Scaled for growth, control costs and focus resources on
      Product development.

ActivTrades
- Challenges
    . Cut latency
    . Accelerate execution
    . Streamline delivery of new functions

- Solutions
    . Migrate trading systems to IBM cloud
    . Back data storage, networking, and security on IBM cloud. 

- Result
    . 3X performance boost 
    . Security upgrade
    . Faster response to new requirements




Lesson Summary
In this lesson, you have learned:
  

The adoption of cloud technologies is enabling enterprises, 
big and small, to be agile, innovative, and competitive, and 
to create differentiated customer experiences. The question 
organizations are asking is not whether they should move to the
cloud, rather what strategy they should adopt to move to the 
cloud. 

Some case studies that demonstrate the impact businesses have
created by adopting cloud:

- American Airlines adopting cloud technologies to deliver 
  customer value rapidly across its enterprise 

- UBank leveraging cloud platform services to give more control 
  to their developers thereby removing barriers to innovation

- Bitly leveraging the scalability offered by cloud 
  infrastructure for low-latency delivery to its geographically 
  disbursed enterprise customers

- ActivTrades leveraging the infrastructure, storage, network, 
  and security offerings on the cloud to accelerate execution and
  delivery of new functions in their online trading systems to 
  their customers 